Here are some quotes about VIM that I collected from news and mail (only the
good ones, of course).

VIM is so much better than vi that a great many of my old vi :map's became
immediately obsolete! (Tony Nugent)

The options are really excellent and very powerful. (Anish Maharaj)

The BEST EDITOR EVER (Stuart Woolford)

Hint:  "VIM" is "vi improved" - much better! (Sven Guckes)

I strongly advise using VIM--its infinite undo/redo saved me much grief.
(Terry Brown)

Hurrah for VIM!! It is "at your fingertips" like vi, and has the extensions
that vi sorely needs: highlighting for executing commands on blocks, an easily
navigable and digestible help screen, and more. (Paul Pax)

The reason WHY I don't have this amazingly useful macro any more, is that I
now use VIM - and this is built in!! (Stephen Riehm)

I am a user of VIM and I love it. I use it to do all my programming, C,
C++, HTML what ever. (Tim Allwine)

I discovered Vim after years of struggling with the original vi, and I just
can't live without it any more.  (Emmanuel Mogenet)

This version of VIM will just blow people apart when they discover just how
fantastic it is! (Tony Nugent)

I took your advice & finally got VIM & I'm really impressed. Instant convert.
(Patrick Killelea)

VIM is by far my favorite piece of shareware and I have been particularly
pleased with version 3.0.  This is really a solid piece of work. (Robert
Colon)

Your editor is a joy to use, it is so well thought and practical that I wonder
why anybody would use visual development tools.  Vim is powerful and elegant,
it looks deceptively simple but is almost as complex as a 747 (especially when
I look at my growing .vimrc), keep up that wonderful job, Vim is a centerpiece
of the free software world.  (Louis-David Mitterand)

I cannot believe how great it is to use VIM.  I think the guys at work are
getting tired of hearing me bragging about it.  Others eyes are lighting up.
(Rick Croote)

Emacs takes way to much time to start up and run, it is to big and bulky for
effective use and the interface is more confusing than it is of any help.  VIM
however is short, it is fast, it is powerful, it has a good interface and it
is all purpose.  (Paal Ditlefsen Ekran)

From the first time I got VIM3.0, I was very enthousiastic.  It has almost no
problems.  The swapfile handling and the backup possibilities are robust, also
the protection against editing one file twice.  It is very compatible to the
real VI (and that is a MUST, because my brain is trained over years in using
it).  (Gert van Antwerpen)

Visual mode in VIM is a very powerful thing! (Tony Nugent)

I have to say that VIM is *THE* single greatest piece of source code to ever
come across the net (Jim Battle).

In fact, if you do want to get a new vi I'd suggest VIM-3.0.  This is, by
far, the best version of vi I've ever seen (Albert W. Schueller).

I should mention that VIM is a very good editor and can compete with anything
(Ilya Beloozerov).

To tell the truth sometimes I used elvis, vile, xvi, calvin, etc.  And this is
the reason that I can state that VIM is the best! (Ferenc Deak).

VIM is by far the best editor that I have used in a long time, and I have
looked at just about every thing that is available for every platform that I
use.  VIM is the best on all of them.  (Guy L. Oliver)

I would like to say that with VIM I am finally making the 'emacs to vi'
transition - as an Editor it is so much better in many ways: keyboard layout,
memory usage, text alteration to name 3. (Mark Adam)

In fact, now if I want to know what a particular setting does in vi, I fire up
VIM and check out it's help!  (Nikhil Patel)

As a vi user, VIM has made working with text a far more pleasant task than
before I encountered this program.  (Steinar Knutsen)


In summary:
     __     ___             _       _   _  ___ _____ 
     \ \   / (_)_ __ ___   (_)___  | | | |/ _ \_   _|
      \ \ / /| | '_ ` _ \  | / __| | |_| | | | || |  
       \ V / | | | | | | | | \__ \ |  _  | |_| || |  
        \_/  |_|_| |_| |_| |_|___/ |_| |_|\___/ |_|  
             ____ _____ _   _ _____ _____ _ _ 
            / ___|_   _| | | |  ___|  ___| | |
            \___ \ | | | | | | |_  | |_  | | |
             ___) || | | |_| |  _| |  _| |_|_|
            |____/ |_|  \___/|_|   |_|   (_|_)          (Tony Nugent)
